Colorful clouds
Auspicious Cloud Volley
This is Rui Qin, come here
Kirin steps on auspicious clouds
The world is doomed
This is my country under the dragon
It will continue to be brilliant
I'm going to play the Fuhrer right away
This brings the Hundred Days Celebration to the agenda
Hahaha
Auspicious clouds are not necessarily a continuation of brilliance
It could also be to welcome a new life
Colorful clouds
That's not good.
Lobsters may be fully awakened
I have to stop him.
Very good to wash
Hahaha
Hahahahaha
My lifetime
This is the first time I have seen such a scene
It's so shocking, my lord
What does the colorful divine light contain?
Colorful divine light
Inclusive
It seems that Mr. Lin's realm
Has reached a point where we don't even know
Brother Erbao, who have we offended?
I told you
How can this useless firewood have such heaven-defying combat power?
Sure enough, this Longtai is faulty.
Hahaha, I said there must be something wrong with this Longtai.
After making trouble for a long time, it was actually an oolong
This makes him completely ashamed
What are you talking about?
Isn't it just what you think?
Wang Shuze
Think with your pig brain
If he really has this supernatural ability
How could I be reduced to one like you?
What about homeless dogs?
That is, if he is really the Nine Heavens True Dragon
He is too late for our Sun family
Yiye Zhaomu
Okay, this young master is already impatient
Hurry up and announce the results
Ben Hou is just the host selected by Heaven Dou
They don't have the right to read the results.
It doesn't matter whether it is read or not
My second cousin is a recognized Heaven Dou general
It's understandable, King Ling Dao
I declare Citi Moon to be the God of Heaven Dou
Wang Shuze was appointed as Captain Tian Dou